Description: A dynamic platform that seamlessly integrates with four major banks to provide real-time visibility into financial transactions. Designed to enhance transparency and streamline the tracking of transactions, our portal stands out as a reliable partner for both banks and users alike.
I have developed responsive and user-friendly
Successfully integrated RESTful APIs to fetch and display dynamic content, improving the overall functionality of the application.
Technologies Used: HTML, CSS, React JS, Redux for state management, Axios.



Description: Introducing Customer Service Center (CSC), a web application designed to revolutionize the way you transfer money securely and effortlessly. Our platform seamlessly integrates Aadhar and biometric authentication systems to provide a swift and secure means of transferring funds from your bank account to specific individuals.
Responsibilities:
Developed responsive and user-friendly interfaces.
Integrated Aadhaar and biometric authentication features in this project, enhancing the security and user authentication processes.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to integrate biometric authentication APIs, ensuring seamless user verification.
Designed and implemented user interfaces for Aadhaar authentication workflows, optimizing the user experience and ensuring compliance with security standards.
Technologies Used: HTML, CSS, React JS, Redux for state management, Axios,

Description: Next360 is a multinational cellular operator. Next360 offers very competitive mobile airtime and data packages in domestic markets, giving customers more choice and superior connectivity.
Responsibilities:
Developed a comprehensive SIM management system enabling administrators to activate new SIM cards, perform airtime recharges, and associate plans with SIMs.
Implemented a commission tracking system that calculates and records commissions for each transaction, providing administrators with transparent insights into financial performance.
Designed and integrated a secure wallet system, allowing administrators to manage and monitor their balances efficiently.
Developed a non-seamless payment gateways using Pay Fast for South African Users and CCAvenue for Indian Users integration for wallet top-ups, enhancing user experience and ensuring a reliable financial transaction process.
Technologies Used: HTML, CSS, React JS, Redux for state management, Axios, Pay Fast, CCAvenue.

----------------------------

Description: A dynamic web platform that seamlessly integrates with four major banks to provide real-time visibility into financial transactions. Designed to enhance transparency and streamline the tracking of transactions,
our portal stands out as a reliable partner for both banks and users alike.
Have developed responsive user-friendly interface and integrated RESTful APIs to fetch and display dynamic content, improving the overall functionality of the application.
Technologies Used: HTML, CSS, React JS, Redux for state management, Axios.

Description: Developed a comprehensive SIM management system enabling administrators to activate new SIM cards, perform airtime recharges, and associate plans with SIMs. 
Integrated a non-seamless payment gateways for wallet top-ups, allowing users to manage and monitor their balances efficiently resulted in enhancing user experience and ensuring a reliable financial transaction process.
Technologies Used: HTML, CSS, React JS, Redux for state management, Axios, Pay Fast, CCAvenue.

Description: A web application designed to revolutionize the way you transfer money securely and effortlessly. 
Our platform seamlessly integrates Aadhar and biometric authentication systems to provide a swift and secure means of transferring funds from your bank account to specific individuals.
Technologies Used: HTML, CSS, React JS, Redux for state management, Axios, CCAvenue.

